10>11>8>6>3 - if papa graha in 3 papam will not go off. Rahu>Ketu>Sani>Kuja>Surya.

10th GUru will not give Yoga due to natural Zodiac factor, 11- No planet in Neecha in Natural zodiac so any planet will give yoga there. 6th Venus should not be there as per Natural Zodiac, 3rd Ketu should not be there.

9>5>1, Guru>Ve>Buda(Without conjunction - If conjunction he will become sun so will become papa)>moon(Ravi, Moon - Rahu, Ravi, Moon with one house difference Sani, Ravi , chandra 2 houses difference both side will become kuja, Ravi chandra 3 houses Buda, Ravi, chandra four houses difference sukra , ravi, chandra 6 houses differences Guru, ravi, chandra seven houses purest form of Guru with Ketu)--> the concept behind these is tithis every tithi has tithi lord accordingly the moon transforming and created the final definitions by Satya Ramesh.
4,8,12  - 8>12>4 , 8 should be moon - becuase in natural jodiac 8th place so moon should not be there similarly 12 Buda neecha so should not be there also similarly 4 Kuja.

1st Bhavadi pathi strength. If bhavadipathi Good is gain the strength and no graha posited in that bhava cannot effect results of that bava.
Example Vrischika lagna 3rd Bhavam = makaram = sani, sani is in the athi mithra rasi kshetra. If Saturn gain enough shadbala and 3rd bhava gained required strength the posited planet cannot do anything. 

The planets posited in the Bhava how they will execute the work will be decided by navamsa - Find out where Jupitor placed in navamsa take that navamsadipathi must be in Mithra kshetra in the rasi kshetra then guru will get power even if he deblitated also. If the navamsa lord of Jupiter is placed in shatru kshtra he could not execute fully. If the navamsa lord of Guru in the samakshetra of Rasi then he has do things independently.

Bhava balam and Bhavadi pathi shadbalam rendu vunte andulo vunna planets results ichesthayi.This is external. That is visible.
Car intiki teesukuravadam sure. But ela teesukostharu anedi grahalu nirnayisthayi. Aaa grahalu phalithanni ela isthayi anedi aa grahalu navamsa decide chesthundi.

rahuvu - Rahu in makara - In Navamsa Rahu in Mithra Kshetra - Navamsadhipathi Sani in Kanya rasi. Rahu makkaram mithrakshetramlo vuntu namasalo kuda vargothamamponsi mithra kshetram lo vunnadu. rahuvu valana phalitham bahyamga vunna aa rahuvu valana anthargatha trupthi chala bavuntundi.

Gurudu -  Guru in makara - In Navamsa Guru in simham- Ravi in Kanya Rasi - so sama kshetram - so Guru not powerful.

Chandrudu - Moon in makara - Navamsa also moon in makara - For moon makara is shatru kshetra - Moon always say that not comfortable but result has to give due to lordship.

Exaltation>Moolatrikonam>Mithra>sama>sathru>combust

	







